I am Komatsu Akihito, I was born as Prince
Yoshiaki and Considered a brilliant military
tactician.
I am the seventh son of Prince Fushimi Kuniie.
In 1858, I was adopted by Emperor Ninko as
a potential heir to the throne.
I served in Kyoto under a Buddhist priesthood
and later returned to secular life in 1867
during the Meiji Restoration, and led imperial
forces to Osaka, Yamato, Shikoku and Aizu
during the Boshin War to overthrow the Tokugawa
shogunate.
I helped subdue many of the samurai rebellions
in the early years of the Meiji period, including
the Saga Rebellion of 1874, and the Satsuma
Rebellion of 1877.
The emperor granted me the rank of lieutenant
general in the newly created Imperial Japanese
Army and awarded me the Order of the Rising
Sun.
I rose to the rank of general and received
command of the First Imperial Guard Division
in 1890.
I was nominal commander of the Japanese expeditionary
forces in the First Sino-Japanese War and
became a member of the Supreme Military Council
and later became the chief of the Imperial
Japanese Army General Staff, and received
the honorary rank of field marshal.
In my latter years, I was a patron of the
Japanese Red Cross Society along with other
charity institutions until I died peacefully
in 1898.
I fought with great faith in my beloved Japan
and hope this has contributed to a prosperous
and blooming nation.